= Advanced BBCode Box 3 (aka ABBC3)
* Release Version 3.0.8-PL2
* Development Version 3.0.10 (Resizer Development)

The source code, issue tracker and wiki can be found at:

* http://github.com/mssti/Advanced-BBCode-Box-3

== DESCRIPTION:

ABBC3 MOD adds lots of useful BBCode features and makes the bbcode buttons look just like Microsoft Office.

== FEATURES/PROBLEMS:

ABBC3 currently features the following:

* Icon-based BBcode toolbar
* Several new BBcodes are included
* Improves the functions of phpBB's BBCode function.
* It adds the BBcode exactly where the cursor is, inserts smilies where the cursor is, and adds more ways to customize posts.
* The MOD is very fast loading, and is a sleek addition to your phpBB bulletin board.

== REQUIREMENTS:

* phpBB 3.0.9
* You must have javascript enabled to use this MOD.

== DOCUMENTATION:

Complete README documentation and changelog are included in the MODs contrib folder.

== DEPLOYMENT:

Please keep in mind that this version is still in development, so not everything may be in place or working.

* It is not recommended that you install this version on a live forum.
* Report any bugs or problems you encounter to our issue tracker http://github.com/mssti/Advanced-BBCode-Box-3/issues
* Also, good ideas and bug reports are always welcome.
* Before adding this MOD to your forum, you should back up all files related to this MOD.

== LICENSE:

GNU General Public License v2

== TO DO:

* Test Image Resizer scripts and update XML instructions about their history/changes
* Increment development to version 3.0.10
* Build update instructions for 3.0.10
* Update the install_abbc3.php script for 3.0.10